right guys I think it's about time had
some fun I have bought myself an SPO
labs digital handheld base meter now
this is exactly the same as the term lab
you have the meter reader there and you
have the sensor there now this has been
tested against the term lab and is
accurate to naught point naught to
decibel so it's very very accurate to
the term lab and you'll even find these
differences between term lab systems so
what I've got is I have got powerful 2k
amplifier very very powerful to clarify
and a Sony Xplod 12 very very cheap from
ebay it's been used and abused as you
saw my last video is in a prefab
box which has had the middle cut out of
it and I fall into port slapped in there
I think it's tuned to around 30 to 33
Hertz
I'm not ideal what I'm gonna do is I've
got better music I've got some test
tones on my phone here plugged into the
power mixer and we're gonna see what
decibels this puts out now bearing in
mind this is a big room in a car you're
basically turning the car into a bit of
a speaker box so this isn't a huge big
room so this isn't gonna be as loud as
it would be in a car let's see what you
can do just to prove to you this is the
only sub working
getting my break tonight bring it in so
nobody that stuff operating in a bit
it's not the music first
130-140
2.0 is the ice that hit Berber 35 hurts
well 30.7 let's give it a bit more
volume
well they do point nine missing from a
single sub as we said that let's try a
that imports at about 33 pounds of it
look bird
Weis try 34 again
1:33 that is not bad for a single shitty
sub in a big room like this in a colloid
probably be about 135 I reckon let's try
a quick 35
similar on 33.1
3 subs getting pretty warm and it's a
little smelly over here that's
definitely warming through the cone I
said the pool so I've had a fill up
inside there Motors definitely warm so
that's probably about its limits there
it's definitely getting well over 2k I
did have a voltmeter on it last time and
I didn't do it this time but I have got
a SPO lavs meter on the way which will
tell me the amount of what's going to my
sub and how many amps the ambe's
actually drawing from the power system
they'll be really handy I'll be able to
tell exactly how many watts is going to
this sub just then but yeah in the
meantime I'm very very impressed with
those results 133 in a really growing
vironment like this from a cheap sub
like that on big power is not bad at all
and it's very difficult to fill up a big
room like this with SPL in the car it's
much easier you're much closer to the
subs is more less air to move it's much
easier so I reckon in a car this would
be sitting well over 135 really not bad
for a little single 12-inch lava in a
really box he's not even designed
properly for it